Release v0.0.2
==============

Release date: March 15 2018

The code was heavily revised. Now, eDisGo provides the top-level API class
:class:`~.grid.network.EDisGo` for user interaction. See below for details and
other small changes.

Changes
-------

* Switch disconnector/ disconnecting points are now relocated by eDisGo
  `#99 <https://github.com/openego/eDisGo/issues/99>`_. Before,
  locations determined by Ding0 were used. Relocation is conducted according to
  minimal load differences in both parts of the ring.
* Switch disconnectors are always located in LV stations
  `#23 <https://github.com/openego/eDisGo/issues/23>`_
* Made all round speed improvements as mentioned in the issues `#43 <https://github.com/openego/eDisGo/issues/43>`_
* The structure of eDisGo and its input data has been extensively revised in order to
  make it more consistent and easier to use. We introduced a top-level API class called :class:`~.grid.network.EDisGo` through which all user
  input and measures are now handled. The EDisGo class thereby replaces the former Scenario class and parts of the Network class.
  See :ref:`edisgo-mwe` for a quick overview of how to use the EDisGo class or :ref:`usage-details` for a more comprehensive
  introduction to the edisgo structure and usage.
* We introduce a CLI script to use basic functionality of eDisGo including
  parallelization. CLI uses higher level functions to run eDisGo. Consult
  :mod:`~.tools.edisgo_run` for further details.
  `#93 <https://github.com/openego/eDisGo/issues/93>`_.

