Release v0.0.6
==============

Release date: September 6, 2018

This release comes with a bunch of new features such as results output and visualization, speed-up options, a new storage 
integration methodology and an option to provide separate allowed voltage deviations for calculation of grid expansion needs.
See list of changes below for more details.

Changes
-------

* A methodolgy to integrate storages in the MV grid to reduce grid expansion costs was added that takes a given storage capacity and operation and allocates it to multiple smaller storages.
  This methodology is mainly to be used together with the `eTraGo tool <https://github.com/openego/eTraGo>`_ where an optimization of the HV and EHV levels is conducted to calculate
  optiomal storage size and operation at each HV/MV substation.
* The voltage-based curtailment methodolgy was adapted to take into account allowed voltage deviations and curtail generators with voltages that exceed the allowed voltage deviation
  more than generators with voltages that do not exceed the allowed voltage deviation.
* When conducting grid reinforcement it is now possible to apply separate allowed voltage deviations for different voltage levels (`#108 <https://github.com/openego/eDisGo/issues/108>`_). 
  Furthermore, an additional check was added at the end of the grid expansion methodology if the 10%-criterion was observed.
* To speed up calculations functions to update the pypsa representation of the edisgo graph after generator import, storage integration and time series update, e.g. after curtailment, were added.
* Also as a means to speed up calculations an option to calculate grid expansion costs for the two worst time steps, characterized by highest and lowest residual load at the HV/MV substation,
  was added.
* For the newly added storage integration methodology it was necessary to calculate grid expansion costs without changing the topology of the graph in order to identify feeders with
  high grid expansion needs. Therefore, the option to conduct grid reinforcement on a copy of the graph was added to the grid expansion function.
* So far loads and generators always provided or consumed inductive reactive power with the specified power factor. It is now possible to specify whether loads and generators should 
  behave as inductors or capacitors and to provide a concrete reactive power time series(`#131 <https://github.com/openego/eDisGo/issues/131>`_). 
* The Results class was extended by outputs for storages, grid losses and active and reactive power at the HV/MV substation (`#138 <https://github.com/openego/eDisGo/issues/138>`_)
  as well as by a function to save all results to csv files.
* A plotting function to plot line loading in the MV grid was added. 
* Update `ding0 version to v0.1.8 <https://github.com/openego/ding0/releases/tag/v0.1.8>`_ and include
  `data processing v0.4.5 data <https://github.com/openego/data_processing/releases/tag/v0.4.5>`_
* `Bug fix <https://github.com/openego/eDisGo/issues/135>`_